Monitor, um, you said
Are we
Did you just watch Big Lao Wang being taken away by them?
Otherwise, I once abandoned him
He came back to help me regardless of the past
What right do I have to keep him?
Again
His strength is now above the transformation realm
A small Songhe martial arts hall can't keep him
The capital is the place where the minister of great merit teaches all
But this one
It's going to be very difficult to see him again
Who said that the deer followed
Maybe when I come back
That's my brother-in-law
Ok ok ok
There's a girl in paint
Although there is something wrong with his head
But it's amazing
Hahahaha
What's the matter, brother?
It's okay, the eyes are fine
Don't worry about it. Yeah.
Xiao He
Big eater, don't look at me, it's just a one-time thing now
Wait until I send the Roewe young master to care this time
Officially enter the Feilong Martial Arts Hall
You will regret it in the future
What's wrong with you, big eater?
I have seen
Have you met Long Wei, the young owner of the Flying Dragon Dance Hall?
I guess I've seen it on TV
Not long ago, he won the runner-up in the inspiration competition
I see
I only remember that the champion was Long Fei
The runner-up doesn't really matter
But it was clearly Long Fei who won the championship
How did Longwei become the crown owner?
Rumor has it that Long Fei is arrogant after winning the championship
The situation is unbridled
In the middle of the night, he tried to unload the spectator bird and was caught on the spot
The owner of the museum abolished his martial arts skills very little
Evicted from the Abandoned Dragon Martial Arts Hall
Long Wei also became the young owner
My lady's marriage partner was originally Long Fei
This happened
The marriage also fell on Long Wei
Reduced to night and night singing
Not a good person either
Can I get out of this marriage?
It depends on your next performance.
The big eater will definitely do it.
The deer is right hehe